If there is a word, it will be empty talk.
You say he is the eldest young master, what belief do we have?
yes. What do you want, mother?
The flower that the dog comes to the east to increase production in the process should not be treated softly.
You want a certification course, what is it?
Yes, this confirms the certification course.
This time, I came to heaven with my strength.
Everything that happened here today.
It’s all about the effort of handing over. Who else among you is dissatisfied?
You can meet with the hostage team face to face.
What more certification courses do you want.
Now I really need to get rid of people.
Is this enough for me to give you?
If it doesn't make sense
There's nothing going on here. Don't take my stuff away.
lie down for me
Xiaoying, I won’t make a mistake